Overview

This is a project focuses on design pattern and enterprise integration pattern implementations. ActiveMQ is used to implement the enterprise integration patterns. In this project, a statistics generator reads in stock tick data, runs the statistics, loads the statistics channels, and trading engines which manage a portfolio of stocks update the stocks in their portfolios with the appropriate statistics.Specifics

To run this project, first run the Producer, and the run the Driver.

The Producer loads the RAQ_DATA queue with raw tick data.
The tick raw data are of this format:Stock Name  Bid Price  Bid Quantity  Ask Price  Ask Quantitye.g.  IBM	 187.81 	120 	187.82 	59These data will be transferred as a message, and be held in a Tick object. A Tick is a Component, and a Stock object is a Composite [COMPOSITE] of a list of Tick objects. A Stock object will be updated in a message processor, run statistics strategies [STRATEGY], and store the statistics in the statistics topic channels. Each statistics channel has statistics for one stock. The format of a message in a statistics channel is as below:Stock Name  Bid Mean  Bid Variance  Bid Std  Ask Mean  Ask Variance  Ask Stde.g. IBM  187.81  0.04  0.2  187.82  0.09  0.3Invalid data will be transferred to an invalid data queue. Trading engine queues subscribe to statistics topics, and will update their portfolio statistics. A statistics message will be parsed and stored in a StockStats object, and used to update the statistic information in a portfolio [COMPOSITE, ITERATOR] of a trading engine. The updated portfolio statistics will be sent to a trading engine message queue, and printed by a Reporting Engine. Each Trading Engine should have a single instance of a Reporting Engine [SINGLETON].The reported portfolio statistics have formats as below:London Portfolio: MSFT (50 shares)|Bid Mean: 1990.5|Bid Var: 2.6705|Bid Std: 1.6341665|New York Portfolio: MSFT (30 shares)  ORCL (20 shares)  IBM (10 shares)|Ask Mean: 2389.2|Bid Mean: 2388.6|Note: The portfolio statistics are calculated based the formulas below,Mean(c_1 * x_1 + c_2 * x_2 + … + c_n * x_n) = c_1 * Mean(x_1) + c_2 * Mean(x_2) + … + c_n * Mean(x_n);Variance(c_1 * x_1 + c_2 * x_2 + … + c_n * x_n) = c_1 ^ 2 * Var(x_1) + c_2 ^ 2 * Var(x_2) + … + c_n ^ 2 * Var(x_n).

=====================
